good morning it's Monday up the second
week of lectures so I've already
survived my first week here I handed in
my first essay I already got it back
today I handed in my second one let's
see how that one goes
and yeah so here's the plan for today I
have two lectures and I have an hour
break in between of them so I'm gonna
study in that break after that I have a
meeting for Amnesty International so I'm
gonna go there and I'm probably gonna
try to like have lunch while I'm in that
meeting because my meeting starts at 1
and runs until 2:00 so there's no lunch
in a buttery when I'm coming to college
and then in the afternoon I have a
meeting with a study skills advisor
which I hope is going to be helpful
because I'm not really sure yet how to
take my notes and lectures so yeah I
hope she can help with that and then
evening I have family hall so family
hall is a formal dinner where you go if
you're a college family so your college
family are two older students and the
student of your year and basically
they're just there to help you if you
ever need help with you know any student
concerns or anything then yeah you can
go to them they just like give some
advice to you stuff so yeah that's
really great we're gonna go there and
yeah the food is gonna be really good
probably cuz like and whenever you dine
in hall so Hall is like a really fun
place and you have to wear your gowns up
and you make like really really good
food so yeah I think it's gonna be great
but yeah first of all we gotta get fur
today so yeah my plan now is to go to
the lofts I Coutu you do some work and
then I'm gonna go to my first lecture
which is at 10:00 it's right now it's
almost 9:00 so I'm just gonna you know
head over there and I'm gonna just work
and then we're gonna start our day with
our lectures
[Music]
kids I'm back from my lectures and I
have a meeting for an amnesty because
I'm joining amnesties Digital
verification corpse which is basically a
group of students which works on
verifying footage from human rights
violations so you know when embassy gets
them something they need to know if it's
real or not and we're gonna get training
this weekend and I think it's gonna be
really really tough just you know like
see these things and kind of like
process it but at the same time I think
it's really cool at Amnesty and I was
giving students the opportunity to get
engaged with that and yeah I mean I
don't know how we're gonna do this
because I've never worked since Fiat
before but yeah I'm definitely up for it
and yeah I'm excited
um so yeah that's what the meeting was
for now I have like two hours and time
you team study skills advisers - my plan
is to finish some readings take some
notes answer the last ones of my
supervision questions for tomorrow
morning and yeah okay so i've just
gotten back from my meeting with the
study skills advisor after college so
she's a really lovely professor who also
you know helps students and study skills
and she was actually really helpful
because i didn't really know what to do
with my lecture now except once i took
them and so she recommended you know
taking some time right after the lecture
or at least on the same day should I go
over it and condense it so that's what
I'm gonna do and I hope it's gonna work
um so yeah that's my first thing they
took away from this yeah everything has
to have a serious issue because I do
everything digitally but I know that I
need to handwrite it later on in order
to you know remind myself of it
and I'm super super slow hand writer and
I don't think I can you know keep up
with all the stuff I'm typing up at the
moment and so she didn't really have an
answer for that but she sat I could talk
to my director studies about that and I
think I'm gonna do that because you know
I'm kind of worried about only raising
this too late huh driver you know get
some advice now in a second week Robert
and realizing you know in the first term
that I messed up and that I'm out of
time so yeah that's what I'm doing so
early
you I think I'm stressing out about
at a point where you should end um you
probably ride but I do fingers get you
know to be a bit proactive so yeah I
still have a bit of time actually right
now it's 5:13 and I'm going to a family
hall at 7:10 so we're just gonna meet
there and then we're gonna go in
together so but a family hall I'm not
gonna dress up or anything I'm just
gonna you know put my hair put on some
heels and my gown and off I go so yeah
that's my plan so yeah now I'm gonna do
some work I'm actually gonna take her
advice and I'm gonna go over the to
lecture handouts that I had today and
Dad I'm gonna prepare class for tomorrow
so I am in an extra class which is
animal rights law which i think is
really interesting about fortunately
it's not a part of the tripod but they
offered students to just come and join
the class if they are interested and
they sent us some reading it's not
compulsory to do it but it sounded
really interesting and I'm gonna do a
bit of it I don't know if I can make it
for all of it but I'm definitely gonna
go for the essential reading so I'm a
little bit prepared for class I can't
search it some work and I made myself
some tea and got my book which I don't
know what to think of it yet I have read
a lot in it yet but so far it's pretty
interesting yeah I'm just gonna you know
drink some tea and read a little bit for
like 15 minutes and then I'm gonna go
back to work and do about an hour and
then I'm gonna go to the hall okay so I
took my break and read a little bit
which i think is really good because you
know just keys your mind and you know
kind of take your mind off school stuff
which you know you need to do every once
in a while so yeah and I thought before
we give you guys another time laughs
that'd be working I'd actually show you
what I'm doing so this is one of the
lecture handouts that I was working on
today and you can see basically the
handouts given to us and then I just
like annotated on my iPad usually and
the thing is it looks a little bit messy
in my opinion and I mean it wouldn't
change if I did that on the paper
version because it would just look as
mercy so what I'm gonna do is I'm
actually gonna sort of try to type it
out probably and at the same time
condense it
little yes so I'm going to do this with
this and then I also have some lecture
slides which I annotated because I kind
of prefer annotating PowerPoint slide so
yeah this is what that looks like
wait and that gets even Messier
sometimes because you know they only
give you like the key things on a
PowerPoint actually just one looks
pretty good but normally I write a lot
of stuff on it and it can get really
messy I mean you can see I hear on that
slide it's just all over the place and
so that needs to stop
and that's why I'm gonna like type
things out so that I actually have some
study from so yeah that's what I'm gonna
do now okay so I'm all set for formal
also I want to make down put on some
heels because well you get a look a
little bit formal and I didn't really
change and I just put my hair up in a
bun and you know I'm gonna go I'm not
allowed to film in there so I can show
you guys how it's gonna be but yeah I'm
really looking forward to spending some
time with my college family
good morning it's a Tuesday and it's
like 5:00 pass aid and we just had a
fire drill so I'm running a little bit
late because I need to go for breakfast
and then we had to my supervision at
8:30 so I'm gonna run now and yeah then
I probably see you guys when I'm back
into Los Arcos GA for my first lecture
[Music]
okay so I just got back from lectures
it's after 2:00 and I got some more
parcels
we're just exciting because this is all
stuff for my room
so yeah room tours coming soon when all
this stuff is actually in my room and
set up um so yeah my plan for now is to
you know go for the lecture notes and
you know kind of condense it and then
I'm gonna go back to the law faculty
around 5:00 because I have this extra
class about animal rights so yeah I
gotta go back there for an hour and I'm
gonna come back have dinner and do a
little bit more work and yeah that's the
plan for now
[Music]
so I just got back from dinner I had my
animal rights class it was really good
and yep then I went to UM and picked up
a parcel as I still had to order some
books from the Cambridge University
Press and they just came so yep gonna
unpack these in a moment and you know my
plan is to just you know get some work
done for today and yeah I'm gonna go to
sleep
I also got my essay back for my
supervision like they just put it in my
pigeonhole didn't go too well but like
it's a horrible umm but yeah like I
think I'm probably gonna rewrite it just
a lie
you know correct the mistakes and like
get it in my head so yeah that's my plan
and yeah so I think I'm gonna end this
hair I hope that it's not too boring
because I feel like this blow I'm just
trying to like time-lapses of me working
so yeah I hope it's interesting
nonetheless for you guys and yeah thank
you guys so much for watching have a
nice day bye